#Tank App
##Readme

This app was inspired by a few other 3rd party sites that use the World of Tanks API to give players support and in depth information into both in game vehicle statistics and player rating information. The primary website provided by Wargaming is notoriously insuffiencent. In it's first iteration, I wanted to make an app that would primary show vehicles statistics information. However, once I realized that the API data was slightly most limited than I had hoped, this feature alone would be a but simplistic. I added this feature to my site in the first day and a half of my project, and decided to spend more time on player stats.

Adding the vehicle information required making a database table with the tanks' basic information, including a tank_id number, then making the API calls. The tank_id from the db gets used to call API information on the tanks more detailed statistics, in things called packages and modules. These packages show the various upgrades for all the tanks in a Materialize Collapsible. This dropdown display makes it easy to display what could  be hundreds of lines of data. Also, because there are 600+ tanks, so of which have 7 or 8 different packages, this data is called from the API upon each page load, but stored in a database.

The other half of the site's functionality comes from player data. Like the tanks, two seperate API calls are made. One uses the player name to search and it returns a player's account_id. This id is then used as a key to call the API that returns player data. Multiple APIs are used to find various player data. The first is an API that returns the over stats for the player's career. These basic stats can be viewed on the player's career-stats page.

The more indepth player statistics I was originally going focus on is a third party calculated score that is widely accepted in the community called wn8. This calculation is used on various other sites, like wotinfo.net. I realized that I did not want to so redirectly replicate what these other sites already offer, so on the third day of this project I needed to brainstorm and come up with a pivot. Something that would offer value to the player not already provided by other sites. 

The feature I decide would bring real value to the world of tanks commmunity was to show players' tanks that they are actively grinding. This is a huge part of the game. Players must play a tank of a certain tier to accure XP to unlock the tank of the next tier. This is a core game element, and one that can cause lots of anxiety. Often players must spend hours playing a tank that is weak, not fully upgraded, or simply not the tank someone wants to be playing. The best way to aleviate this trouble is for players to team up with friends in game and play together is what is called a platoon. By displaying a player's vehicles that have been played within the last two weeks, have a subsequent tank, and have a subsequent tank that have not been played by that player, you can provide a relatively accurate view of the tanks a player is actively "grinding."

So at this point, the player's statistics have three features show on three page views. There is an overall view of the player under career statistics. Here, things like winrate and player rating give you a snap shot of the player's performance. Then there is the "Recently Played Vehicles" page. This display actually shows you all the tanks the player has ever played, but it shows them in chronological order of what was last played. This feature is important if you want to platoon with someone in a certain tank because lots of tanks in game do not have a subsequent tank. Finally, there is the "Current Grind List" page. This page looks and feels just like the other display lists, but the backend functionality to narrow down to these tanks requires two different database calls along with the API calls and about 100 lines of code. This page may appear simplistic to the user, but it ended up being the bulk of my project.

As for styling, I wanted to use Materialize to make the site appear professional, slick, and simple. I decided to make the site feel very mobile oriented, since most players access these type of site from their phone while using their xbox. This mobile-first design was accomplished by removing most of the mouse-click button submit buttons and making whole divs on the list pages clickable instead. Instead of adding an event listener to the div, I formatted the form submit button to be a transparent div matchig the size and shape of the display div. This allowed the form data to be carried over to the next page (unlike an <a> tag).

At the point of project turn in, there are still lots of things to add and fix. 
	Bug #1. When you are logged in, your stats pages say "My career stats" instead of playername's career stats as it would when searching another player. However, if you look at your own stats, then search another player, then go back to your own, it show's the other player's name while show your stats.

	Bug #2. There are a few deadends I need to tie up. From the tank search page, if you submit with only the nation and type filled out, it will show nothing instead of all tiers. If you search a player name that doesn't exist, the page will error. If you search the gring list of a player not grinding anything, the page will be blank.

	Bug #3. I just learned upon deployment there is a database error on Heroku that prevents users from adding their username after account creation. There are probably more bugs to find on Heroku.

	Bug #4. In small-screen/mobile mode, the nav disappears and nothing appears to replace it. I simply missed this feature before the project was due.

	On top of these, I feel this app needs user to player functionality that would allow you to add players to your friends list, then compare your grind list with theirs. Hopefully I can add this in the future.


